Rakshasa State is in a panic
Reverse sky high
The road is evil
People sigh
I'm Sophie here today.
Willing to hold high the flag
Do the right thing for heaven
Stand up for a bright world
Return heaven and earth to a dynasty, sun and moon
war war
Brothers
Revelation
Repair my armor
Tread the Rakshasa
Punish me for blood
Keep going
Wine my armor
Tread the grinding brake
Give me blood
Keep going
Liu Niang, what do you think?
The rabble is embarrassed
How could it possibly shake the millennial foundation of my Raksha Kingdom?
What a rabble
Then I speak the dialect of the North County of Rakshasa for hundreds of miles
Why were they taken away?
I am incompetent
Ask the imperial teacher to give me another chance
Opportunities are earned by yourself
Youniang
How long have you been practicing with me?
Returning home has been 10 years
33 years hahaha
OK
Don't blame your country for not giving you a chance
I'll 100,000 you
To defend Hucheng for 13 days
Possibly do
The city is here
City destruction